---
title: 'First Blog'
date: 2023-08-06
excerpt: I am Manisha Aryal. Currently, I live in the capital of Nepal, Kathmandu, with my siblings. I am unemployed right now, so I have got ample leisure time to spend.
permalink: /posts/2012/08/blog-post-1/
categories: 
- First Blog
tags:
  - First blog
  - Personal blog
  - Manisha Aryal
  - What do I do?
---

Hey there!

How is everything going? Welcome to my blog. I have recently started to write blogs and let me give you a brief introduction about what this is, and what you can expect from this blog. 

First thing first, let's start with my introduction. 

I am Manisha Aryal. Currently, I live in the capital of Nepal, Kathmandu, with my siblings. I am unemployed right now, so I have got ample leisure time to spend. I have recently completed my Bachelor's in Mechanical Engineering and I come under the typical statistics that most of the mechanical engineers in Nepal are unemployed. Apart from this, I realized I could spend my time writing a blog for myself and for those who are like me, trying to figure out what to do next?

Speaking of blogs, my blogs would be random, and they could be about anything. I will try to write down my current life experiences, things I have learnt in all these years and any other thing that interests me. Hmm, I love many things, actually. To count a few, I love science especially physics, then mathematics obviously, playing guitar though I am not good at it, listening to music, travelling; I love travelling a lot, my family, my besties, reading books; it's a good way to kill the time when you're upset about something, yoga, and sketching. I think that's it. Oh wait, I love plants as well. I have some of them in my place. It's good to have greenery around. Well, my blogs would cover my life stories in short, and I would write it incident wise, just like one of the episodes from FRIENDS or how I met your mother or The Big Bang Theory. FYI, I am getting hooked on how I met your mother.

That's pretty much about myself. Wait for the other episodes of my like. Wink Wink.
