---
title: 'First stage of Unemployment'
date: 2023-08-08
excerpt: Phase I of Unemployment, What's going on? What has my life become? This question hits a lot when you have nothing to do.
permalink: /posts/2013/08/blog-post-2/
categories:
- Being unemployed
tags:
  - Being Unemployed


---

Phase I of Unemployment: What's going on?
------

What has my life become?
------
This question hits a lot when you have nothing to do. I am exactly in this phase right now. Life feels hard, but maybe if I change my perspective, It can feel more comforting.  Negative aspect of being unemployed is we think too much, and as always overthinking leads us nowhere. We tend to fall into paralysis by analysis pothole. Along with overthinking, we get into financial crisis as well. It's financial crisis that leads into overthink as well. So, the first lesson from this unemployment is, money can make you happy. 

How things change?
------
Overthinking and Boredom are not that bad, actually. If we look into the brighter side, We have time for ourselves. I have started working on things I love. I started this blog, which is something I always wanted to do but never had time for it. It makes me feel I am involved somewhere, and my life is not worthless. I think this is the feeling which I need at this phase. Unemployment makes us feel unworthy, and things like this provide us the assurance that we are involved into something. It's the sly habit of life, and it tricks us into its deceits. We always crave things which we don't have. We always focus on the half empty part of the cup. I have read these facts about human brain that if it's not tamed then it can take you anywhere. Also, small problems can grow into malign one if they are allowed to grow in human brain through pensive thoughts. I know all this, and still I am unable to tame my brain. It flies and doesn't seem to stop anywhere. 


I think this is the phase 1 of unemployment, Overthinking and not being able to figure out what's going on. Maybe with time, I will develop a mechanism to cope with this. I wanted to write it more but Eyah! who has got mood. Not me. So this is it then.